about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="/img/profile.jpg" class="profile" alt="Danielle Leong, dinosaur" />

I'm a San Francisco-based web developer with a passion for diversity in tech, cheese, motorcycles, dinosaurs, and any combination of the aforementioned. 

I graduated from UC Irvine in 2009 with a degree in Sociology and Business Management. After working in marketing for several years, I taught myself to code and joined Twilio as the company's first female engineer. 

I'm passionate about increasing diversity and inclusion in tech, and I'm one of the founding members of Skittles, Twilio’s diversity initiative. In my spare time, I teach public high school students how to code through the non-profit organization <a href="http://missionbit.com/">Mission Bit</a>, and volunteer at <a href="http://www.lpfi.org/">Level the Playing Field Institute</a> (LPFI) hackathons. 

In my spare spare time, I enjoy long rides on my motorcycle, following cute puppies on Instagram, and fiercely competing in Fitbit competitions. 

<a href="/public">Check out my public appearances</a>

Commit message:

Publish blog post on coding bootcamp

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="/img/profile.jpg" class="profile" alt="Danielle Leong, dinosaur" />

I'm an Oakland-based web developer with a passion for diversity in tech, cheese, motorcycles, dinosaurs, and any combination of the aforementioned.

I graduated from UC Irvine in 2009 with a degree in Sociology and Business Management. After working in marketing for several years, I taught myself to code and joined Twilio as the company's first female engineer.

I'm passionate about increasing diversity and inclusion in tech, and I'm one of the founding members of Skittles, Twilio’s diversity initiative. In my spare time, I teach public high school students how to code through the non-profit organization <a href="http://missionbit.com/">Mission Bit</a>, and volunteer at <a href="http://www.lpfi.org/">Level the Playing Field Institute</a> (LPFI) hackathons.

I'm currently a student at Coding Dojo's Developer Accelerator program and am looking for full stack developer opportunities.

In my spare spare time, I enjoy long rides on my motorcycle, following cute puppies on Instagram, and growing impressive callouses on my hands from rock climbing.

<a href="/public">Check out my public appearances</a>
