public-appearances.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Public Appearances
permalink: /public/
---

## Feerless in the press ##
San Francisco Chronicle - <a href="http://www.sfchronicle.com/business/article/Trigger-warning-New-app-warns-Netflix-viewers-of-6801448.php">Trigger warning: New app warns Netflix viewers of graphic content</a>

MedGadget - <a href="http://www.medgadget.com/2016/02/feerless-helps-ptsd-and-phobia-sufferers-avoid-triggering-moments-while-watching-netflix.html">Feerless Helps PTSD and Phobia Sufferers Avoid Triggering Moments While Watching Netflix</a>

KOMO News radio spot - <a href="http://komonews.com/news/local/new-app-warns-netflix-viewers-with-ptsd-about-content-that-may-trigger-panic-attacks">New app warns Netflix viewers with PTSD about content that may trigger panic attacks</a>

The Mighty mental health blog - <a href="http://themighty.com/2016/02/new-app-will-make-netflix-binge-watching-safer-for-people-with-ptsd1/">New App Will Make Netflix Binge-Watching Safer for People With PTSD</a>

### Tech talks ###
Demoing Netflix Triggers - a Waze for Netflix to help people with PTSD watch their shows in peace.
<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/yBiXC94qiNM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

<a href="https://www.twilio.com/blog/2014/03/call-my-nana-danielle-leong-sets-up-life-saving-sms-reminders-for-her-grandma-with-twilio-nt.html">Call My Nana</a> is an app I set up that calls my grandmother every day to remind her to take her medication. It's been running for nearly 3 years now!

<a href="https://speakerdeck.com/dmleong/design-101-for-developers-5-ways-to-make-your-site-less-ugly#">Design 101 for Developers: 5 Ways to Make Your Site Less Ugly</a> is a talk I did at Twilio on 5 simple design patterns to implement on websites to make them less terrible.

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/lRYbWveXKBw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
<a href="https://speakerdeck.com/dmleong/the-curious-incident-of-the-developer-on-the-design-team">The Curious Case of the Developer on the Design Team</a> I spoke with my teammate Nina Mehta about the importance of designers and developers working closely together.


## Book appearances ##
I speak out about what it's like to change careers and join software development in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Quit-Law-Code-Transition-Development-ebook/dp/B00Y6QVUXU/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&linkCode=sl1&tag=wilha-20&linkId=1de67bfb785afecca7216ddbca71ebc6" target="__blank">Quit Law and Code: A Guide to Transition from Law to App Development</a>.

## Diversity in tech ##

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A very happy birthday to Skittles, <a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@twilio</a>&#39;s Diversity &amp; Inclusion team! Can&#39;t believe it&#39;s been one whole year! <a href="http://t.co/bdWHGXbQJY">pic.twitter.com/bdWHGXbQJY</a></p>&mdash; Danielle Leong (@tsunamino) <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino/status/605474861427728384">June 1, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>So proud of <a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@twilio</a> for the mention in <a href="https://twitter.com/TechCrunch">@techcrunch</a>&#39;s article - Prioritizing Diversity In 2015 <a href="http://t.co/Cq6xU78DOJ">http://t.co/Cq6xU78DOJ</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a></p>&mdash; Claire Shaw (@cshawshaw) <a href="https://twitter.com/cshawshaw/status/572494196667375618">March 2, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>“And thats when I decided I want to be an engineer.” - hearing from <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a>, first female eng at <a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@Twilio</a>. <a href="http://t.co/16NyFAs1Pk">pic.twitter.com/16NyFAs1Pk</a></p>&mdash; GDI San Francisco (@gdisf) <a href="https://twitter.com/gdisf/status/570425711787274240">February 25, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>.<a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@Twilio</a> engineers Dom (<a href="https://twitter.com/Itshella_dom">@itshella_dom</a> on outreach) &amp;Danielle (<a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a> on retention) are D&amp;D4diversity <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/twilioggd14?src=hash">#twilioggd14</a> <a href="http://t.co/LuGNZsAhi5">pic.twitter.com/LuGNZsAhi5</a></p>&mdash; BayAreaGGD (@BayAreaGGD) <a href="https://twitter.com/BayAreaGGD/status/542527858342502401">December 10, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/4uG0PaPn7UI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
I was on Bay Area Focus speaking about <a href="http://missionbit.com/">Mission Bit</a> and the importance of volunteering in the tech community.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>Talking about diversity today at <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/bclx?src=hash">#bclx</a> with <a href="https://twitter.com/Itshella_dom">@Itshella_dom</a>! Come join us! <a href="http://t.co/PYblye9DoB">pic.twitter.com/PYblye9DoB</a></p>&mdash; Danielle Leong (@tsunamino) <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino/status/516147925882519554">September 28, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p><a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a> helping middle school girls get interested in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/twilio?src=hash">#twilio</a> by taking selfies! <a href="http://t.co/3niRsZ0ClG">pic.twitter.com/3niRsZ0ClG</a></p>&mdash; Dom DeGuzman (@Itshella_dom) <a href="https://twitter.com/Itshella_dom/status/471474837350010880">May 28, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>Pictures from speaking at MLK middle school today! <a href="http://t.co/6XKeNX6juY">pic.twitter.com/6XKeNX6juY</a></p>&mdash; Danielle Leong (@tsunamino) <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino/status/467480341356093441">May 17, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<a href="https://speakerdeck.com/dmleong/women-in-tech-how-i-got-here-and-how-to-survive-being-in-a-male-dominated-workforce">Women in Tech: How I got here and how to survive being in a male-dominated workforce</a> is a talk I did at Mercy High School Burlingame to a group of young women about how they can pursue a career in tech.

## Ignite talks ##
<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/9D5URxw4IWw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/cplwtyjhgCU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/kZXClhSkaI8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

Commit message:

Add Making Online Collaboration Safer at GitHub video

public-appearances.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Public Appearances
permalink: /public/
---

### Online safety ###
Making Online Collaboration Safer at GitHub
<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.ustream.tv/embed/recorded/91347818?html5ui" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

### Feerless in the press ###
San Francisco Chronicle - <a href="http://www.sfchronicle.com/business/article/Trigger-warning-New-app-warns-Netflix-viewers-of-6801448.php">Trigger warning: New app warns Netflix viewers of graphic content</a>

MedGadget - <a href="http://www.medgadget.com/2016/02/feerless-helps-ptsd-and-phobia-sufferers-avoid-triggering-moments-while-watching-netflix.html">Feerless Helps PTSD and Phobia Sufferers Avoid Triggering Moments While Watching Netflix</a>

KOMO News radio spot - <a href="http://komonews.com/news/local/new-app-warns-netflix-viewers-with-ptsd-about-content-that-may-trigger-panic-attacks">New app warns Netflix viewers with PTSD about content that may trigger panic attacks</a>

The Mighty mental health blog - <a href="http://themighty.com/2016/02/new-app-will-make-netflix-binge-watching-safer-for-people-with-ptsd1/">New App Will Make Netflix Binge-Watching Safer for People With PTSD</a>

### Tech talks ###
Demoing Netflix Triggers - a Waze for Netflix to help people with PTSD watch their shows in peace.
<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/yBiXC94qiNM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

<a href="https://www.twilio.com/blog/2014/03/call-my-nana-danielle-leong-sets-up-life-saving-sms-reminders-for-her-grandma-with-twilio-nt.html">Call My Nana</a> is an app I set up that calls my grandmother every day to remind her to take her medication. It's been running for nearly 3 years now!

<a href="https://speakerdeck.com/dmleong/design-101-for-developers-5-ways-to-make-your-site-less-ugly#">Design 101 for Developers: 5 Ways to Make Your Site Less Ugly</a> is a talk I did at Twilio on 5 simple design patterns to implement on websites to make them less terrible.

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/lRYbWveXKBw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
<a href="https://speakerdeck.com/dmleong/the-curious-incident-of-the-developer-on-the-design-team">The Curious Case of the Developer on the Design Team</a> I spoke with my teammate Nina Mehta about the importance of designers and developers working closely together.


## Book appearances ##
I speak out about what it's like to change careers and join software development in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/Quit-Law-Code-Transition-Development-ebook/dp/B00Y6QVUXU/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&linkCode=sl1&tag=wilha-20&linkId=1de67bfb785afecca7216ddbca71ebc6" target="__blank">Quit Law and Code: A Guide to Transition from Law to App Development</a>.

## Diversity in tech ##

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A very happy birthday to Skittles, <a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@twilio</a>&#39;s Diversity &amp; Inclusion team! Can&#39;t believe it&#39;s been one whole year! <a href="http://t.co/bdWHGXbQJY">pic.twitter.com/bdWHGXbQJY</a></p>&mdash; Danielle Leong (@tsunamino) <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino/status/605474861427728384">June 1, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>So proud of <a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@twilio</a> for the mention in <a href="https://twitter.com/TechCrunch">@techcrunch</a>&#39;s article - Prioritizing Diversity In 2015 <a href="http://t.co/Cq6xU78DOJ">http://t.co/Cq6xU78DOJ</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a></p>&mdash; Claire Shaw (@cshawshaw) <a href="https://twitter.com/cshawshaw/status/572494196667375618">March 2, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>“And thats when I decided I want to be an engineer.” - hearing from <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a>, first female eng at <a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@Twilio</a>. <a href="http://t.co/16NyFAs1Pk">pic.twitter.com/16NyFAs1Pk</a></p>&mdash; GDI San Francisco (@gdisf) <a href="https://twitter.com/gdisf/status/570425711787274240">February 25, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>.<a href="https://twitter.com/twilio">@Twilio</a> engineers Dom (<a href="https://twitter.com/Itshella_dom">@itshella_dom</a> on outreach) &amp;Danielle (<a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a> on retention) are D&amp;D4diversity <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/twilioggd14?src=hash">#twilioggd14</a> <a href="http://t.co/LuGNZsAhi5">pic.twitter.com/LuGNZsAhi5</a></p>&mdash; BayAreaGGD (@BayAreaGGD) <a href="https://twitter.com/BayAreaGGD/status/542527858342502401">December 10, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/4uG0PaPn7UI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
I was on Bay Area Focus speaking about <a href="http://missionbit.com/">Mission Bit</a> and the importance of volunteering in the tech community.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>Talking about diversity today at <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/bclx?src=hash">#bclx</a> with <a href="https://twitter.com/Itshella_dom">@Itshella_dom</a>! Come join us! <a href="http://t.co/PYblye9DoB">pic.twitter.com/PYblye9DoB</a></p>&mdash; Danielle Leong (@tsunamino) <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino/status/516147925882519554">September 28, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p><a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino">@tsunamino</a> helping middle school girls get interested in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/twilio?src=hash">#twilio</a> by taking selfies! <a href="http://t.co/3niRsZ0ClG">pic.twitter.com/3niRsZ0ClG</a></p>&mdash; Dom DeGuzman (@Itshella_dom) <a href="https://twitter.com/Itshella_dom/status/471474837350010880">May 28, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>Pictures from speaking at MLK middle school today! <a href="http://t.co/6XKeNX6juY">pic.twitter.com/6XKeNX6juY</a></p>&mdash; Danielle Leong (@tsunamino) <a href="https://twitter.com/tsunamino/status/467480341356093441">May 17, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<a href="https://speakerdeck.com/dmleong/women-in-tech-how-i-got-here-and-how-to-survive-being-in-a-male-dominated-workforce">Women in Tech: How I got here and how to survive being in a male-dominated workforce</a> is a talk I did at Mercy High School Burlingame to a group of young women about how they can pursue a career in tech.

## Ignite talks ##
<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/9D5URxw4IWw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/cplwtyjhgCU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

<div class="js-video [widescreen]"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/kZXClhSkaI8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>
